Create rule S6401[terraform] Creating keys without a rotation period is security-sensitive (#687)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6401/recommended.adoc

== Recommended Secure Coding Practices

> It's recommended to rotate keys automatically and regulary. The shorter the key period, the less data can be decrypted by an attacker if a key is compromised. So the key rotation period usually depends on the amount of data encrypted with a key or other requirements such compliance to security standards. In general a period of time of 90 days can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's recommended to rotate keys automatically and regularly. The shorter the key period, the less data can be decrypted by an attacker if a key is compromised. So the key rotation period usually depends on the amount of data encrypted with a key or other requirements such as compliance with security standards. In general, a period of time of 90 days can be used.
```
